feat(scaffolds): Create Vitamin scaffold component. (#133)
Decathlon/vitamin-compose: scaffolds/README.md

        onTopActionClicked: (TopActionUi) -> Unit = {},
        onTabClicked: (TabActionUi) -> Unit = {},
        onBottomActionClicked: (BottomActionUi) -> Unit = {},
        onFabActionClicked: (FabActionUi) -> Unit = {},
        onSearchValueChanged: (String) -> Unit = {},
        content: @Composable (PaddingValues) -> Unit
    )
}
```

Material design layout with Vitamin components.
Scaffold implements Material design visual layout structure and this component will use Vitamin 
TopBar, Tabs, BottomBar and Floating Action Button according to models given in input.

The minimal usage of the component is the title and content but it makes really sense to use this
component when you have TopBar, Tab, BottomBar and/or FAB configuration and more when it should
be dynamic at runtime.

```kotlin
VitaminScaffolds.Primary(title = "My title") { padding ->
    // content here
}
```

Parameters | Descriptions
-- | --
`title: String` | Title specified in the Vitamin TopBar.
`modifier: Modifier = Modifier` | The `Modifier` to be applied to the component
`topBarConfiguration: TopBarConfiguration = TopBarConfiguration.Primary()` | Switch dynamically from primary to search configuration.

> `topActionsUi: TopActionsUi = TopActionsUi()` | List actions in TopBar and maximum actions you want to show with an icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`topActionsUi: TopActionsUi = TopActionsUi()` | List of the TopBar actions and maximum number of actions with icon you want to show.
```

> `tabActionsUi: TabActionsUi = TabActionsUi()` | List actions in Tabs and if it should be used in scrollable mode or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tabActionsUi: TabActionsUi = TabActionsUi()` | List of the Tab actions and whether it should be used in scrollable mode.
```

> `bottomActionsUi: BottomActionsUi = BottomActionsUi()` | List actions in BottomBar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bottomActionsUi: BottomActionsUi = BottomActionsUi()` | List of the BottomBar actions.
```

> `fabAction: FabActionUi? = null` | Display a floating action bottom at the bottom end of the content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fabAction: FabActionUi? = null` | Display a floating action button at the bottom end of the content.
```

> `tabSelectedIndex: Int? = null` | Inform which tab is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tabSelectedIndex: Int? = null` | Indicate which tab is currently selected.
```

> `bottomRouteSelected: String? = null` | Inform which bottom action is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bottomRouteSelected: String? = null` | Indicate which bottom action is currently selected.
```
